abondond->abandoned
adresd->address, addressed
agregated->aggregated
annointd->anointed
archetectd->architected
attemtd->attempted
comisiond->commissioned
comissiond->commissioned
commisiond->commissioned
conciderd->considered
condidtiond->conditioned
contiand->contains, contained
controlld->controlled
dicoverd->discovers, discovered
dissapeard->disappears, disappeared
dissappeard->disappears, disappeared
engieneerd->engineers, engineered
propogated->propagated
recomendd->recommended
refereced->referenced
referemced->referenced
referrenced->referenced
refrenced->referenced
soudnd->sounded
suceedd->succeeds, succeeded
suroundd->surrounds, surrounded
abreviates->abbreviates
achives->achieves, archives
agres->agrees
aleges->alleges
aquires->acquires
beseiges->besieges
caluclates->calculates
caluculates->calculates
calulates->calculates
catergorizes->categorizes
challanges->challenges
consolodates->consolidates
consumates->consummates
deffines->defines
devides->divides
dispences->dispenses
eminates->emanates
exerbates->exacerbates
experiances->experiences
formallizes->formalizes
homogeneizes->homogenizes
immitates->imitates
inctroduces->introduces
infilitrates->infiltrates
lieks->likes
manufatures->manufactures
percieves->perceives
persues->pursues
premeires->premieres
prooves->proves
recides->resides
releives->relieves
rennovates->renovates
ressembles->resembles
siezes->seizes, sizes
stuctures->structures
suprises->surprises
suprizes->surprises
surprizes->surprises
accurary->accuracy
symetric->symmetric
eqaution->equation
expantions->expansions
exteme->extreme
eroneous->erroneous
unerflow->underflow
numberic->numeric
satble->stable
tbough->trough, though, tough, bough
betweeen->between
becuase->because
previosuly->previously
interprete->interpret, interpreter, interpreted, interprets
speicalize->specialize
unserstand->understand
disarded->discarded, disarmed
decompostion->decomposition
termimation->termination
dimentional->dimensional
spurous->spurious
epsion->epsilon, epson
inceased->increased, incensed
cutof->cutoff
deciaml->decimal
formual->formula, formal
corrrectly->correctly
mulyiple->multiple
diagnising->diagnosing
poission->poisson
platfrom->platform
trunctate->truncate
decimla->decimal
negleted->neglected
useage->usage
accumpany->accompany
sequared->squared
authorititive->authoritative
independendly->independently
machinary->machinery
superceded->superseded
mathemetical->mathematical
irelevant->relevant, irrelevant
differentiaton->differentiation
appplication->application
coull->could, cull
lenth->tenth, lents, length, lent
quess->quest, quests, guess
statisticans->statisticians
inocuous->innocuous
predicable->predictable
asymetrical->asymmetrical
detemine->determine
inagine->imagine
fonctions->functions
infinte->infinite
pressimistic->pessimistic
comparible->compatible, comparable
aproximation->approximation
limitied->limited
trigomometric->trigonometric
evalutations->evaluations
allegic->allergic
ambguity->ambiguity
unnnamed->unnamed
predicably->predictably
formated->formatted
patform->platform
noticable->noticeable
ellliptic->elliptic
explictly->explicitly
accademia->academia
probablility->probability
recomended->recommended
plaform->platform
historial->historical 
contructors->constructors  
allegic->allergic
ambguity->ambiguity
unnnamed->unnamed
predicably->predictably
formated->formatted
patform->platform
